they met privately with the Secretary
General and members of the security
Council and publicly with members of the
media a group consisting of about 10
Palestinian Americans and a woman from
Gaza who recently escaped with her
injured sister and they all shared
heartbreaking stories of immense
suffering in Gaza where family members
have been lost either to bombs or
snipers or from lack of food and
medicine one woman a doctor from Texas
has lost 150 members of her extended
family she described her conversation
with the US ambassador to the UN I think
we were heard and I think it's important
that all of us have shared our stories
the disconnect is
always the powerlessness that seems
to be be uh
communicated we understand we understand
but again today none of us are here for
condolences we're not here for
apologies we're here for immediate
action meantime the un's humanitarian
coordinator for Gaza says they don't
have enough Aid prepositioned should
Israeli troops invade Rafa we're very
worried about the incursion into Gaza
the military incursion if it does take
place because simply we're not prepared
right now we're actually addressing the
needs of 1 point 4 million people who
are displaced into the rafit area so we
we have a contingency plan in place to
do that that if if a majority of those
people are forced to move because of um
any military incursion into Rafa we have
a contingency plan on top of a
contingency plan and we don't have the
supplies to preposition the necessary
material food and shelter to absorb
people if they do move and to be
perfectly honest I don't know where
people would move to but despite these
pleas and concerns still no action from
the security Council Kristen salumi Al
jazer the United Nations